Todo list

splash screen dialog - done
Open comport after splash screen - done
define dialog - used Menu
send data out serial port - done

integrate data class
 - format output data - done
 - get list test number?

implement multiple test upload - done

send commands to v-meter

save and read to file - done

1. The program itself loaded on my PC (Windows 7 Pro), but the user needs to close the program immediately, and restart it using the desktop icon. Otherwise the program will not work and the following message is displayed... (see p14 below)

"Failed to write the data to port error. Device not open."

(Btw... The desktop icon says Veelinx, but shows Windsor in the icon image. This is seen everywhere the Veelinx icon is located.)

2. The user can adjust the V-Meter parameters within the Veelinx software, but they MUST press OK for the parameters to be loaded onto the unit. (see p16 below)

3. After changing any of the parameters, the "Dialog" message - Upload in Progress appears on the Veelinx screen, and does not leave unless the user cancels the Dialog. It appears to be some kind of default screen within Veelinx. (See p19 below)

4. The Test Data can only be uploaded to a PC one file at a time. If the user attempts to upload a second file, they must exit the program and restart. (My guess is that the data stack is not refreshed w/o doing the restart of the program. Thus, the user needs to exit and restart the program for each file they upload.) (see p22 below)

(Note: when the user presses OK here. The program automatically closes, and must be restarted. Also, while the Upload is happening, the V-Meter screen shows the VMtr Upload image below.)

5. After Uploading a file, the "endUpload" / Upload Complete message is displayed on the screen with a rolling ball icon (or wait/working indicator). This rolling ball does not go away even after several minutes... after the data is uploaded to the PC. This ball stays on the screen until the user moves it to the OK button and right clicks over it. (Note: The upload itself appears to take only a few seconds (5-10). So I'm not sure why this does not change to an arrow image once the upload is complete???)


1. The Veelinx adjustable Velocity range should be: 1000 ft/s - 40,000 ft/s; as seen within the unit's software. Presently Veelinx allows the user to see a range of 100 ft/s to 40,000 ft/s. Somehow a zero was dropped from the 100 setting. (see Veelinx screenshot_p9)

 - DONE

2. The adjustable Distance range should be 0.1" (inches) - 600.0" (inches). The Veelinx software shows 0.1 - 600 feet. (see _p8 & Distance screen pics)

 - DONE

3. After uploading a series of tests from the unit, the user has the option to view the individual tests... or so it appears. Unfortunately, they can only set the Veelinx software to either Test Number "2" or "3"... nothing else appears in the drop down box, even when there are 5 tests. (see Veelinx screenshot_p11)

 - Works OK Installation package Issue?  Problem with Dialog Title - Fixed

4. When retrieving (or Opening) a saved file. The program defaults to the user's C Drive. Which is OK for 1-2 files, but gets old when working with multiple files. The default setting needs to be adjusted to return (or use) the last folder opened. This would save time and headaches for our customers. (Veelinx screenshot_p0)

 - Windows Default

5. The plotted data graphs do not show units on either the X or Y axis. Presently the Y axis is -40,000 to 40,000; while the X axis shows 0 to 600. Should these have something like ft/s & inches? Or is it just common knowledge??? (See Veelinx screenshot_p5) Also, if that is the case, why does the unit's display show different axis numbers??? (See Display screen_p1)

 - No Units on this on all software

6. One of the install screens show a "Microsoft Visual C++ 2015...". Should this be visible to customers? (Veelinx_p7)

 - This is more common than you realize

7. This is a strange one... I tried repeating it, but couldn't. Nor did I recall how I found it in the first place. The Veelinx software showed 2 Rebarscope screens??? (See Veelinx screenshot_p02)

 - DONE

8. As we discussed before you left, there is NO upload data option in the Tools drop down list. The unit does upload data manually one at a time &/or everything at once. I didn't try saving this data stream... and how it gets saved. Is it in individual files, or just one really large file??? Maybe that's the next thing to try.

 - I can't find the ability to do this in the code that we have on the server...the command to do this is missing.


Save File is not working

Upload Single Test and Upload all tests needs to work as well.

Double check units on Velocity and Distance
